(mysterious music)
[Kagenou] When emotion provokes
interpersonal conflict,
generally time is enough
to solve the problem.
Therefore,
ignore it and it will go away.
That's the theory that
I would like to advocate for.
But it looks like my sister
hasn't had quite enough time.
Do you have any idea
what I thought about
while I waited for you
in front of your dorm?
[Cid] No, I do not. (chokes)
[Claire] I was beating you into
a bloody pulp in my mind,
over and over, again and again.
But for every second I waited,
my rage doubled in size.
[Kagenou]
Today I learned that some anger
actually increases with time.
I bet you're thinking
that you don't care.
No, that's not true. (chokes)
Let's do a little experiment,
and see just how long a person
can hold their breath.
When a person is strangled,
they pass out
ecause their carotid artery
is being blocked.
It has nothing to do
with their breathing.
[Claire]
Either way works for me.
You promised me that we would
go back home together
during the summer holidays.
[Cid] I said that?
You always do this to me.
You break your promises to me
like they mean nothing
to you at all.
[Cid] I'll try to become a
person who can keep his word.
(chokes)
(mysterious music)
(deep breath)
[Claire]
This is your last chance.
[Cid] What is that?
[Claire] A ticket to the
reserved seating area
at the Bushin Festival.
It's nearly impossible
to get one.
I'm giving it to you,
so watch the fights and learn.
[Cid] Come to think of it,
weren't you sitting the
festival out this year?
[Claire] No. I was chosen to
represent the Academy
in Princess Rose's place.
Please don't try to tell me you
didn't know about that.
[Cid] Of course I knew. I was
just checking, that's all.
[Claire] If you want to live
a long, healthy life,
you should stop neglecting
your big sister.
[Cid] Yes, ma'am.
I will be the next champion,
and you better be
there to see it.
Yes, ma'am.
(Cid gasping and groaning)
(OPENING THEME)
[Alexia] She moved out?
[landlady]
She did, the other day.
She just up and left.
She said she would be spending
a long time abroad
doing research.
"Oriana Kingdom Principle
Enterprises and Religious
Organizations,
and Their Various Relations
to the Monarchy."
So she's blessing me
with information?
She really is quite
insufferable.
(fireworks exploding)
I hate to break it to you,
but I don't need your pity.
After all, I simply refuse to
pity myself any longer.
(fireworks exploding)
(dramatic music)
(crowd cheering)
[Kagenou] This is not just
reserved seating.
This is hyper VIP seating.
I should have at least worn my
school uniform.
[noble] But are you sure you
don't mind sitting here with us?
[Iris] It's important for me to
mingle with my underclassmen.
And who might you be?
My humble name is Cid Kagenou,
and I appear to have come to
the wrong seat.
Kagenou? Of course, you must be
Claire's younger brother,
and the boy from the incident.
So you know my sister, huh?
I do. I met her several times
when she came to
observe the Knights.
After she graduates,
I plan to assign Claire
to my personal order.
You are definitely at
the correct seat,
because I'm assuming that
Claire gave you her ticket,
right?
[Cid] Thank you, Your Highness.
[Iris] So, Cid Kagenou,
I owe you an apology.
I'm sorry for the
trouble I caused you
during the
Zenon Griffey incident.
[Cid]
Oh, right, don't worry about it.
[Iris] We've already ended
talks settling the matters
between the royal family
and the Marquess.
But as Alexia's older sister,
I hope you'll be willing to
accept my personal apology.
Of course.
[Kagenou] Sitting here
having a named character
asking my forgiveness?
That's the worst thing
for my
background character persona!
[Iris] I hope you won't let the
incident sour your friendship
with her.
[Cid]
Friendship? Well, I don't know.
All I did was pick up the coins
she tossed at me.
Wait, she tossed coins at you?
Like when you throw a stick for
a dog and tell it to go fetch.
So the two of you played fetch
with a dog together?
[Cid] Not WITH the dog so much
as I WAS the dog. Never mind.
[Iris]
My sister's very happy to have
made such a good friend.
[Cid] I don't know about that...
(crowd cheering)
[Iris] In fact, Alexia was
supposed to join me today,
but she suddenly decided she
didn't wanna come.
I wish she would have.
[Cid] Oh, that's all right.
Don't even worry about it.
Which of the competitors have
caught your eye this year,
Princess?
I'm interested to know as well.
Hmm...
[Iris] I have my eye on
all the competitors
fighting in the
main tournament,
but if I had to pick one,
I would say Annerose,
the former member of
Velgalta's Seven Blades.
There are many familiar faces
in the tournament lineup,
but this is her
first year competing.
[nobles]
I watched her matches too,
and she was quite impressive.
If I were to fight her right
now, I doubt I could beat her.
-I've seen her too.
But Princess Iris
will be the champion.
I know the Royal Bushin method
has been unpopular since the
incident,
but if Princess Iris is the one
who wins the tournament, then-
Hush now, you know
it's not fair
to put that kind of
pressure on her!
Sorry, I didn't mean to.
I just thought-
It's all right.
(both gasp)
It was always my plan
to win the tournament.
I know the fate of the
Royal Bushin method,
and of our kingdom,
depends on me.
[Cid] Um...
[Iris] Oh!
Are there any other fighters
in the festival worth watching?
That reminds me.
Who is that boy?
A student at the Academy.
You know,
he was that white coat
they got to practice with
Section One in fencing class.
Oh yeah, I remember now.
He was Alexia's boyfriend.
[Iris] This is Cid Kagenou.
He happens to be Claire's
younger brother.
Claire and Cid have a very
special relationship
as brother and sister.
Hey, isn't he the one who-
Hush you.
Ah, yeah, right.
Unlike your sister,
your fencing is
totally uninspiring,
but setting your sights
too high won't get you
anywhere either.
She's right, you know.
Just take it slow and steady.
Just don't get any ideas
about grand ambitions
or marrying into power.
Gee, thanks.
So you think there are any
other fighters worth watching?
Like maybe that guy Annerose
will be fighting in the
first round.
You know, that Mundane Mann.
This is his first time
in the tournament too.
Mundane Mann...
I haven't seen
any of his matches,
so I really couldn't say.
Oh, I've seen him in a match.
He moves fast, but that's
pretty much all he can do.
His stance is super amateur.
He's not really
main tournament material.
It's all just momentum and
luck. He has no real skill.
[Kagenou]
Yes! I've cultivated Mundane's
reputation to perfection.
There is another person
to watch for.
However, she's not
participating this year.
An elf swordmaster hailed
as the War Goddess.
She was the first champion
of the Bushin Festival.
An elf swordmaster?
You don't mean-
But she has not shown her face
in public in over a decade.
Every warrior fighting
in the main tournament
will be paying careful
attention to Lady Beatrix.
[Kagenou] Beatrix?
I figured she was pretty tough,
but I didn't realize
she was famous.
What's the matter, Cid?
[Cid]
I'm going to powder my nose.
[ref]
The winner is Imatry Nottaloos!
[Imatry] Yeah, ha, ha!
(crowd cheering)
Hmm?
[Kagenou]
There's someone strong nearby.
If we were two eminences,
we would exchange some
super cool dialogue
even in the briefest
encounter,
but I'm in
background character mode.
[Beatrix] Cid.
(yelps) Ah, I, ah, you are-
I am Beatrix.
Yes, right, right, Beatrix.
Were you ignoring me?
I wasn't ignoring you.
You weren't?
No, I was not.
Are you sure?
Yes, I am sure.
You weren't?
I wasn't.
Did you run into an elf
that looks like me
since the last time?
Nope,
no elves that look like you.
Okay...
A lot of people
come to this event,
so I thought I might
be able to find her.
[Cid] It is a really popular
sword fighting tournament.
Mind if I ask you
about the bag?
I bought these.
Oh, you bought them?
I bought too many.
Yeah, that's too many.
You can have one.
Oh, thank you.
And to show my gratitude,
take this.
You can have this one.
Why, thank you.
Well, bye.
Bye.
(quiet conversations)
Hmm?
Hello, Lord Perv Asshat.
And how are you doing today,
Princess Iris?
[Iris] That seat is-
[Perv] Is what?
These seats are reserved for
students only, I'm afraid.
That's all right. See,
I think the young people here
will have the opportunity
to learn a lot
from seeing me interact with
you in public.
I'm confident they won't
have any regrets
learning how to entertain a
beautiful princess
such as yourself.
Enough of your jests.
I believe you are already
engaged to marry, Lord Asshat.
[Perv] As you are well aware,
we are in the middle of a
little lover's spat,
but I do believe she will
come back to me soon.
[Iris] Am I to assume
you're here alone?
[Perv] Yes, unfortunately,
our esteemed king
is feeling out of sorts today.
I'm truly and deeply sorry that
the security detail you
kindly assigned to him
has turned out to be
unnecessary.
[Iris] That's not a problem.
[Perv] He is bound and
determined to attend tomorrow,
so I do hope
you'll forgive him.
Incidentally, is your father,
His Majesty King Klaus,
absent today?
[Iris] King Klaus said
he will come to watch
the fights starting tomorrow.
My, what a coincidence.
Hold on, is that the infamous
Annerose Nichtsehen?
[Iris] Yes.
[Perv]
She is currently the fencer
with the most momentum
in this tournament.
I understand she's in the
middle of a training
pilgrimage,
but I would love to invite her
to work for our kingdom.
[Iris] Indeed.
A fencer of her caliber would
be a great benefit
to the Midgar Kingdom as well.
[Perv] Such avarice.
Does the Midgar Kingdom not
have more than enough
excellent Dark Knights already?
On the other hand,
my kingdom is obsessed
with the childish idea of
employing dancing knights.
That is why we have
an alliance.
If necessary,
our powerful Kight Order
will dispel the darkness
that enfolds your nation.
(chuckles)
That is very comforting indeed.
By the way, what do you think
of her opponent,
that Mundane fellow?
[Iris] This will be the first
time I've seen him fight,
but he doesn't seem
very strong.
[Perv] Then you're sure
Annerose will win?
[Iris] No.
This Mundane Mann...
He's a little unnerving.
He certainly doesn't
look strong,
but there's one thing about him
that you would never see
in a weak fighter.
[Perv] Oh, and that is?
Absolute confidence.
There is no uncertainty
in his eyes.
Those are the eyes of a man
who can see a path
to total victory.
Interesting, I would never have
guessed that about him.
I'm afraid I know
nothing of swordplay.
(chuckles)
Of course, there's no fooling
the great Princess Iris.
Please forgive me,
but swordplay is
looked down upon
in the Oriana Kingdom.
However, I'll admit,
I do have some proficiency
with the blade.
You have SOME proficiency?
Now then... You say he has
absolute confidence.
How much is that
confidence worth?
(crowd cheering)
(dramatic music)
[Annerose] The secret to
this man's strength
is his overwhelming speed.
And he hasn't even shown us
the full extent of it.
But his sword technique is no
better than an amateur,
and his stance is a mess.
In that case...
(dramatic music)
[Ref] Annerose Nichtsehen
versus Mundane Mann!
Ready, fight!
[Annerose]
If I can stop him from moving,
he'll have no way to beat me.
(swords clang)
He managed to parry in time,
but I knew he would.
(sword whooshing)
As long as I don't
give him a chance
to make use of his speed,
sooner or later...
(dramatic music)
[Annerose] I've won!
(schwing)
(gasps)
That was an after image.
(dramatic music)
He's even faster
than I imagined!
How can I turn the tables?
(explosion)
(dramatic music)
(growls) If he had put any
magic into that attack,
I would definitely
be dead by now.
I admit it!
You're strong.
Strong beyond all reason.
You surpass me in power and
speed and everything.
The only option
left for me is...
(dramatic music)
Why did she stop moving?
She's aiming for a
counter-attack.
That's why.
It's her only choice.
(dramatic music)
[Annerose] Take that!
I got him!
I thought I was matching
my attack to his,
but he was matching
his attack to mine.
Such perfect control
of his spacing...
(ungh) It's so...
(music ends abruptly)
(crowd cheering)
[Iris] He's good.
[Perv] Absolute confidence...
Your instincts were spot on,
Your Highness.
I could not have
predicted this outcome.
I find it hard to believe that
a Dark Knight of his caliber
has gone unnoticed for so long.
[Perv] Mundane Mann...
I've never heard of him.
His fencing style doesn't come
from an established school,
does it?
I doubt it. I have never seen
anyone fight like that before.
But his blade was certainly
swift, sure, and sharp.
[Perv]
And most of all, it was
beautiful.
Hmm...
The next round will be you
against this Mundane, won't it?
[Iris] It will.
[Perv]
Are you confident you'll win?
I'm certainly no match for him
in beauty of swordplay,
but it is not beauty that
determines the winner
of a duel.
If that was the
full extent of his power,
he hasn't reached my level yet.
I suspect not.
There is a good chance
that he is hiding something.
That's why he disguised his
stance and his technique,
so that he could win his way
through the tournament.
And you still believe
you can beat him?
I don't know what it is
that he is hiding,
but I will
cut him down regardless.
I absolutely hate to lose,
after all.
Now, if you'll excuse me.
I have a match to fight.
Hmm...
[Perv] Find out where
Mundane Mann came from.
[aide] Yes, My Liege.
I suspect he might be a
resident of the underworld.
If the Lawless City
is backing him,
things could get difficult.
[aide] Is it possible he's
with Shadow Garden?
[Perv]
Unlikely, he's a man, after all.
Besides, I doubt Shadow Garden
has any reason to make a scene
at the Bushin Festival.
[aide] Understood, excuse me.
I will crush any
potential problems.
Who is that man?
[Annerose] Mundane, wait!
I admit defeat.
I was helpless against
your speed and skill.
(chuckles) I left my home
country to make myself stronger,
and I thought that I had
improved since then,
but I guess I had only gotten
better in my head.
This was a good lesson for me,
thank you.
That was the first time I
removed my shackles.
You have nothing
to be ashamed of.
I am very happy to hear that.
(light piano music)
Mundane!
Who are you really?
How did you get
to be so strong?
I'm merely a fool
who abandoned everything
in the pursuit of strength.
Hey, Mundane...
[Skel]
Let go! Let me go, please!
Listen, you could enlist
(Skel pleading)
in government service
in Velgalta.
I'll make sure there's
a post worthy of you.
[Skel]
...I'll win the next one!
That world's too bright for me.
(Skel pleading)
[tough guy] Come on, kid, the
next match is Princess Iris!
[Annerose] Wait!
[Skel] No, I don't wanna go!
I'll be resuming
my journey tomorrow.
(Skel pleading)
If you change your mind,
come see me before I go?
It's thanks to you
that I was able to learn
of even greater heights.
[Skel] ...find me
in the next three days!
For now, all I can do
is look up to them.
[Annerose] But one day I will...
[Skel] Uno mas, por favor!
(thunderous explosion)
(rubble settling)
[ref] The winner, Iris Midgar!
(crowd cheering)
(electrical discharge)
What I need is a total victory!
(gasps)
Huh?
(indistinct chattering)
(birds chirping)
[Iris] Lady Beatrix!
Lady Beatrix!
(panting)
I'm sorry to stop you.
If I'm not mistaken,
you're Beatrix the War Goddess,
correct?
Who are you?
I am Iris,
the Crown princess of
the Midgar Kingdom.
Want one?
Um, what?
You'll feel better
if you eat something.
No, thank you.
That is very kind,
but I will pass.
[Beatrix] Oh, all right.
(whimsical music)
[Kagenou]
Man, that went so well!
I got to show off my
stylish sword skills
that I can't use as Shadow.
And thanks to Miss Not-Seeing,
I managed to accomplish 70% of
my Bushin Festival goals.
Now I just need to figure out
how to finish it up.
The simple solution would be
to win the whole thing,
but the most climactic scene
is gonna be
the next battle with
Princess Iris.
Defeat the princess and
then just disappear.
Beat somebody that everybody
has identified as a
powerful warrior,
and announce,
"My work here is done."
And vanish without a trace like
a true Eminence in Shadow.
I love it.
I could also go the evil route.
That would be exciting.
[Kagenou]
Out of the blue, I'll go,
"I'm a shadow assassin from a
shadowy organization."
"I've come from the shadows
to take your life!"
And then we launch into
no holds barred
free-for-all battle.
I get bonus points,
exit stage right, easy peasy.
There's still tons of
awesome paths to take,
so I'm gonna have to
think long and hard.
[Claire]
Well, someone looks happy.
Well, I am happy.
Huh?
Did you have this much fun when
you watched my match too?
[Kagenou] Oh, boy, I'm dead.
(wind whistling)
Please, grant me...
(ENDING THEME)